j-town magnums what I fit word around
town often they still rep word around
town bitch I still don't got no kids
word around town is a fuck mm bitches
swag top peel back no booth we kill em I
come in your house no shoes on feet on
the couch don't care who you I'm a star
spent a couple mil from staying in town
that is fucking crazy
you ain't gotta tell me I don't mean you
can be there on my face
bitches feel the same then that's why
you can catch them all around my waist
like a shoe Strang come over her place
when you come all over her face so
review
can't kick it yet they wanna hang like
gnosis don't often hit it and send them
back to you bitches fuck them twice
freedom once give advice that leave him
like damn he might be the realest I
whatever me
- as ever make it hard to settle Plus
this empty Magnum wrapper should help
you remember
I am hotter than the devil colder than
below seven no I'm a pretend it how they
every lesson